HPOS Admin UI support (#297)
Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core: changelog.txt

= 5.2.0 - 2022-xx-xx =
* Add - New wcs_set_order_address() helper function to set an array of address fields on an order or subscription.

> * Fix - Admin edit/add Subscription and Subscriptions list/table pages now work when HPOS is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Subscription admin screens (edit, add, and list Subscription pages) now work when HPOS is enabled.
```

> * Fix - Subscription admin screens (edit, add, and list Subscription pages) now work when HPOS is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Edit, add, and list Subscription admin pages now work when HPOS is enabled.
```
